api_routines.pl

  Library of routines to fetch data from the Wikipedia API. Most data
  is fetched directly from the database instead, for performance, but
  in principle it could be fetched from the API. However, since that has
  not been tested in some time, it would need to be carefulyl watched if
  we switched back to that method. 

check_stats_page.pl

  Maintenance script - Check that a project has a statistics table page
  under [[Wikipedia:Version 1.0 Editorial Team/]]

ckcustom.pl

  Maintenance script to check the syntax of the custom table file

copy_count.pl

  Upload script - Copy the count of assessed articles to the wiki

copy_logs.pl

  Upload script - Copy assessment logs to the wiki

copy_tables.pl

  Upload script - Copy assessment tables to the wiki

Custom.tables.dat

  Data file with configuration for custom assessment tables

custom_tables.pl

  Library - code to create certain custom tables

database_routines.pl

  Library - routines to fetch and store info from the databases

download.pl

  Update script - gets assessment data for a wikiproject

drop.sql

  SQL to drop all tables of the WP 1.0 system. 

example.wp10.conf

  Example configuration for the system. The real config is in 
  ~/.wp10.conf

FILES

  This file.

insert_logs.pl

  Maintenance script - was used at the begining to put old log entries
  into the databse 

mktable.pl

  Maintenance script - used to force regeneration of an assessment 
  table. Used in the upload process to generate the global table
  
parse_logs.pl

  Maintenance script - used at the beginning to get old assesment logs
  from the wiki

projectscores.pl

  Maintenance script - Updates the p_score field of the project table

RatingsTable.pm

  Library - perl module to make a ratings table

read_conf.pl

  Library - load info from configuration file

read_custom.pl

  Mainenance script to check the syntax of the files for creating
  custom tables

selectiondata.pl
s2.pl
s.pl

  Mainenance script - used for 0.8 to insert revids for selected 
  articles

status.pl

  Obselete script to count number of running processes

tables_lib.pl

  Library of code for handling assessment tables

tables.sql

  SQL to recreate the WP 1.0 database tables. Is almost certainly out 
  of date,  check the live 'enwp10' database to see the real schema

testapi.pl

  Maintenance script - just to make sure the API is functional

toolserver_api.pl

  Library - fetch data from the toolserver database replicas

update_global_scores.pl

  Maintenance script - updates the global_articles table. This update
  is normally done when the data is updated; this script is to force
  regeneration

utility.pl

  Maintenance script - hack it to do what you want for one-off tasks

wp10_routines.pl

  Library - routines to handle assessment data. The main logic of the
  update process is here. 


